Correct documentation for @length and @auth traits (#988)
awslabs/smithy: docs/source/1.0/spec/core/auth-traits.rst

    shape.

Operations that are not annotated with the ``auth`` trait inherit the ``auth``
trait of the service they are bound to. If the operation is not annotated with
the ``auth`` trait, and the service it is bound to is also not annotated with
the ``auth`` trait, then the operation is expected to support each of the
:ref:`authentication scheme traits <authDefinition-trait>` applied to the
service. Each entry in the ``auth`` trait is a shape ID that MUST refer to an
authentication scheme trait applied to the service in which it is bound.

The following example defines all combinations in which ``auth`` can be applied
to services and operations:

* ``ServiceWithNoAuthTrait`` does not use the ``auth`` trait and binds two
  operations:

>   * ``OperationA`` is not annoated with the ``auth`` trait and inherits all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``OperationA`` is not annotated with the ``auth`` trait and inherits all
```

    of the authentication scheme applied to the service.

>   * ``OperationB`` is annoated with the ``auth`` defines an explicit list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``OperationB`` is annoated with the ``auth`` defines and explicit list of
```

Is that what you meant?

Reviewer 2: This also has the `annoated` -> `annotated` typo.

Author: I've made the relevant changes. Thanks

    authentication schemes.

* ``ServiceWithAuthTrait`` is annotated with the ``auth`` trait and binds two
  operations:

>   * ``OperationC`` is not annoated with the ``auth`` trait and inherits all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``OperationC`` is not annotated with the ``auth`` trait and inherits all
```

    of the authentication schemes applied via the ``auth`` trait on the
    service.

>   * ``OperationD`` is annoated with the ``auth`` defines an explicit list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``OperationD`` is annotated with the ``auth`` defines an explicit list of
```

            operations: [
                OperationA,
                OperationB
            ]
        }

        // This operation does not have the @auth trait and is bound to a service
        // without the @auth trait. The effective set of authentication schemes it
        // supports are: httpBasicAuth, httpDigestAuth and httpBearerAuth
        operation OperationA {}

        // This operation does have the @auth trait and is bound to a service
        // without the @auth trait. The effective set of authentication schemes it
        // supports are: httpDigestAuth.
        @auth([httpDigestAuth])
        operation OperationB {}

        @httpBasicAuth
        @httpDigestAuth
        @httpBearerAuth
        @auth([httpBasicAuth, httpDigestAuth])
        service ServiceWithAuthTrait {
            version: "2020-01-29",
            operations: [
                OperationC,
                OperationD
            ]
        }

        // This operation does not have the @auth trait and is bound to a service
        // with the @auth trait. The effective set of authentication schemes it
        // supports are: httpBasicAuth, httpDigestAuth
        operation OperationC {}

>         // This operation not have the @auth trait and is bound to a service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // This operation has the @auth trait and is bound to a service
```
